Add missing deps and clarify build instructions for WSL 2 (#214)
microsoft/vscode-wiki: Selfhosting-on-Windows-WSL.md

5. Right-click, Properties on that shortcut and change `Target` to `"C:\Program Files\VcXsrv\xlaunch.exe" -run C:\Users\USERNAME\config.xlaunch`. This will make the X server launch on startup. Double click it to make sure it launches.

6. In WSL, add the following to the end of `~/.bashrc` or equivalent:

  ```
  if [ -z $DISPLAY ]; then
    export DISPLAY="$(tail -1 /etc/resolv.conf | cut -d' ' -f2):0"
  fi
  ```

2. To test everything, open a new WSL shell and `sudo apt install x11-apps && xcalc`. You should see an XCalc window pop up. 👍
  >  You may see errors like `Error: Can't open display: 172.20.192.1:0"`: open Windows Defender Firewall with Advanced Security, check inbound rules and make sure that VcXsrv windows server doesn't block private connections.

## Building and running in WSL
1. Install the [Debian-based Linux prerequisites](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/wiki/How-to-Contribute#prerequisites).
2. Install the build dependencies

  ```
  sudo apt install python3 python-is-python3 libsecret-1-dev libxss1 libx11-dev libxkbfile-dev libasound2 libgtk-3-0 libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0 libnss3 libxtst6 libxi6 libxdamage1 libxcursor1 libxcomposite1 libx11-xcb1 libgbm1
  ```

> 3. If you prefer to use Visual Studio Code for development, make sure to have the [Remote - WSL extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-wsl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install [VS Code Insiders for Windows](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/?dv=win64user&build=insiders) and the [Remote - WSL](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-wsl) extension.
```
